Update variables.md (#707)
fermyon/developer: content/cloud/variables.md

These variables are defined in a Spin application manifest (in the `[variables]` section) and are provided by a configuration provider. When using Spin locally, the configuration provider can be Vault for secrets or host environment variables. You can refer to the [dynamic configuration documentation](/spin/dynamic-configuration.md) to learn how to configure variables locally. In Fermyon Cloud, you can set and update variables for Spin applications using the [`spin cloud variables`](/cloud/cloud-command-reference.md#spin-cloud-variables) command.

> This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating a simple application that validates passwords. Here's a video tutorial to follow along:

Reviewer: nit to make it clear that the video is an either or option not prerequisite
```suggestion
This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating a simple application that validates passwords. If you prefer to learn through video, you can follow along this recording.
```
